Make some additional notes about alert ownership & ingest (#948)
gravwell/wiki: alerts/alerts.md

In this example, we have chosen the tag `_alerts_admin_logins`.

```{note}

> If the owner of the *alert* does not have permission to ingest (either via the `Webserver-Ingest-Groups` configuration in `gravwell.conf` or through [CBAC](/cbac/cbac), no events will be ingested.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the owner of the *alert* does not have permission to ingest (either via the `Webserver-Ingest-Groups` configuration in `gravwell.conf` or through [CBAC](/cbac/cbac)), no events will be ingested.
```

Dispatcher searches should use either `table`, `text`, or `raw` as their renderer. If table is used, the alert will use the columns of the table as the "fields" of each event. If text or raw are used, the alert will use the enumerated values attached to each entry as fields.
```

```{warning}

> You can select scheduled searches belonging to other users as dispatchers, but be aware that if the owner of the search decides to change it, your alert may stop working!

Reviewer: I would consider re-wording this a bit. An admin can pick *any* scheduled search, but a non-admin user can't choose just *any* scheduled search belonging to another user - it has to be global or shared. In other words, they have to have been granted access to it. Maybe we should say something like:
"If you have been granted access to a scheduled search that you don't own, you will be able to select it as an alert dispatcher, but be aware that if the owner of the search decides to change it, your alert may stop working!"

> You can select scheduled searches belonging to other users as dispatchers, but be aware that if the owner of the search decides to change it, your alert may stop working!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have been granted access to a scheduled search that you don't own, you will be able to select it as an alert dispatcher, but be aware that if the owner of the search decides to change it, your alert may stop working!
```
